{% load i18n %}{% autoescape off %}
Hello {{ user.first_name }}!

Congratulations on being a key holding member at Office Nomads! There are some
great perks to having a key to the space, and with those perks come some
important responsibilities. We will run throgh a quick training with you
regarding how your keycard works, but wanted to get a few other points over to
you via email.

If you prefer to read this information online you can always find it in the
Nadine help pages:  http://{{ site.domain }}{% url 'member:help_topic' 'keys' %}

IMPORTANT POINTS:

 * Only key holding members and their guests are allowed in the space when an
Office Nomads staff person isn't here. During that time, you are responsible
for yourself and your guest. Do not leave your guests in the space
without you.

 * Keys are not transferrable. Please keep track of your key and please don’t
mark it indicating Office Nomads or the location of our space.

 * As you’re in the space after hours, we can really use your help keeping the
space clean & tidy. Please do your dishes, leave meeting rooms tidy for the
next members, and clean/rinse out any kitchen items you use (particualrly the
coffee pots!).

 * You can adjust the thermostats if you need to, just be sure to adjust them
back when you are done by hitting “SCHED” in the bottom left-hand corner of the
thermostat, and then hit “DONE.”

 * If there are only a couple people in the office after hours and you want to
make coffee, give the French Press a try – it makes just a few cups!

 * Keep your keycard with you at all times! We'd hate for you to lock yourself
out on accident.

 * Please take note of the emergency contact lists by each suite door. We always
recommend that key holding members put our phone numbers in their mobile phones
just in case you need to reach us quickly.

 * If you are the last to leave, please make sure that the space is closed up
right. This involves a few steps:
   - Turn off all the lights.
   - If the stereo has been on, please turn it off.
   - Adjusted the thermostats if needed.
   - Check to make sure all windows are closed and all fans are off.
   - Make sure the door closes and is locked behind you when you leave.

If you have any questions at all, please don't hesitate to contact any of us.
Otherwise, feel free to come on by the front desk and chat anytime!

Thanks!
The {{ site.name }} Team

{% endautoescape %}
